[ADD] Lunch: new vendors doc (#9963)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/vendors.rst

=======
Vendors
=======

Before :doc:`products can be added <products>` to the *Lunch* app, the restaurants that provide the
food **must** be configured.

> To add a new vendor, first navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration: Vendors`. Here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new vendor, first navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration --> Vendors`. Here,
```
Remember: we only use ":" formatting when it has to do with an option that part of a menu's sub section... This is just an option available under the configuration menu -- without being a part of any sub section

Author: I swear I "know" that but I just crossed my wires here =D

all currently configured vendors for the *Lunch* app appear in a default Kanban view. To change to a

> list view, click the :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(view list)` icon in the top-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list view, click the :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(list)` icon in the top-right corner.
```

.. note::
   No vendors are preconfigured in the *Lunch* app, so all vendors **must** be added to the
   database.

To add a new vendor, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a new lunch
supplier form loads.

Fill out the following fields on the form.

Vendor information
==================

- :guilabel:`Vendor`: enter a name for the vendor.

> - :guilabel:`Vendor`: select the vendor from the drop-down menu. If the vendor has not already been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Vendor` (beneath the line for vendor name): select the vendor from the drop-down menu. If the vendor has not already been
```

>   entered in the system, type in the vendor name and click either :guilabel:`Create "new vendor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  entered in the system, type in the vendor name, and click either :guilabel:`Create "new vendor
```

>   entered in the system, type in the vendor name and click either :guilabel:`Create "vendor"` to add

Author: We should add this to the linter/style guide! I like it- this comes up in my docs a lot, and I agree it should be standardized.

>   name"` to add them, or :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the vendor and edit the vendor
>   form. The vendor form allows for more detail, aside from the name, to be entered, such as contact
>   information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name"` to add them. Alternatively, click :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the vendor, and edit the vendor
  form. The vendor form allows for more detail, aside from the name, to be entered, such as contact
  information.
```

  .. note::

>      If a selection is made to the drop-down :guilabel:`Vendor` field, the text :guilabel:`Vendor`
>      field (above the drop-down :guilabel:`Vendor` field) updates with the name of the vendor chosen
>      from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If a selection is made to the drop-down :guilabel:`Vendor` field, the :guilabel:`Vendor` text
     field (above, for the vendor's name) updates with the name of the vendor chosen
     from the drop-down menu.
```

     The list of vendors that is presented in the drop-down menu is pulled from the *Contacts*
     application.

> - :guilabel:`Address`: enter the vendor's address in the various fields in this section.
> - :guilabel:`Email`: enter the vendor's email in this field.
> - :guilabel:`Phone`: enter the vendor's phone number in this field.
> - :guilabel:`Company`: if this vendor is only available to a specific company, select the company
>   from the drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, the vendor's items are available to **all**
>   companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Address`: enter the vendor's address in the various fields.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the vendor's email.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: enter the vendor's phone number.
- :guilabel:`Company`: if this vendor is only available to a specific company, select the company
  from the drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, the vendor's items are available to **all**
  companies.
```

.. image:: vendors/vendor-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The top portion of the vendor form filled out.

.. _lunch/availability:

Availability
============

The :guilabel:`AVAILABILITY` section presents a table with two rows. The days of the week populate
the top row, and the bottom row has checkboxes. Tick the corresponding checkbox for each day of the
week the vendor is available.

By default, Monday through Friday are ticked.

.. image:: vendors/availability.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The default view of the availability section, with Mon-Fri enabled.

Orders
======

> The *Orders* section of the vendor form details which locations the vendor is available for, and how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`ORDERS` section of the vendor form details which locations the vendor is available for, in addition to how
```

and when orders are placed and received.

> - :guilabel:`Delivery`: using the drop-down menu, select either :guilabel:`Delivery` if the vendor
>   delivers to the office, or :guilabel:`No Delivery` if orders must be picked up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Delivery`: using the drop-down menu, select :guilabel:`Delivery` if the vendor
  delivers to the office, or select :guilabel:`No Delivery` if orders must be picked up.
```

- :guilabel:`Location`: select which locations are able to order from this vendor. Multiple
  locations can be selected. If this field is left blank, **all** locations can order from the
  vendor.

  .. note::

>      By default, an `HQ Office` location is created by default when creating a database, and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     An `HQ Office` location is created, by default, when creating a database, and is
```

     available to select from the list.

- :guilabel:`Send Order By`: click the radio button to select how orders are sent to the vendor. The
  available options are :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Email`.

> - :guilabel:`Order Time`: this field **only** appears if :guilabel:`Email` is selected for
>   :guilabel:`Send Order By`. Enter the time that an order must be emailed for the order to be
>   accepted. Enter the time in a `HH:MM` format, then select either :guilabel:`AM` or :guilabel:`PM`
>   from the drop-down next to the time field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Order Time`: this field **only** appears if :guilabel:`Email` is selected in
  the :guilabel:`Send Order By` field. Enter the time that an order must be emailed for it to be
  accepted. Enter the time in the following format: `HH:MM`. Then, select either :guilabel:`AM` or :guilabel:`PM`
  from the drop-down menu, next to the time field.
```

.. image:: vendors/orders.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The orders section of a vendor form, with all fields filled out.

.. _lunch/extras:

Extras
======

> When ordering an item in the *Lunch* app, it is possible to show extra items that can be added to an
> order, sometimes referred to as *add-ons*. These can be configured in any manner that suits the
> products being offered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When ordering an item in the *Lunch* app, optional extra items, sometimes referred to as *add-ons*, can be shown. These can be configured in any manner that suits the
products being offered.
```
Suggestion for brevity.

By default, Odoo allows for three types of extra items, which can be thought of as *categories*. By

> default, the first type or *category* of add-ons is labeled `Extras`, the second is labeled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default, the first type (or *category*) of add-ons is labeled, `Extras`, the second is labeled,
```

> `Beverages`, and the third is labeled `Extra Label 3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Beverages`, and the third is labeled, `Extra Label 3`.
```

.. important::

>    When configuring the extras, it is important to keep in mind that all the extras configured will
>    appear for **every item** offered by the vendor. That means that only items which apply to
>    **all** products from the vendor should be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When configuring the extras, it is important to keep in mind that all the extras configured
   appear for **every item** offered by the vendor. That means that only items which apply to
   **all** products from the vendor should be added.
```

.. _lunch/configure-extras:

Configure extras
----------------

Enter the following information for each of the three available extra sections:

> - :guilabel:`Extra (#) Label`: enter a name for the type of extra, such as `Toppings` or
>   `Beverages`. This can be thought of as a *category*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Extra (#) Label`: enter a name for the type of extra, such as `Toppings`. This can be thought of as a *category*.
```
I removed this since there is already a "beverages" category, right?

- :guilabel:`Extra (#) Quantity`: select how the extras are selected. The options are:

  - :guilabel:`None or More`: select this if the user is not required to make a selection.
  - :guilabel:`One or More`: select this to **require** the user to make **at least one** selection.
  - :guilabel:`Only One`: select this to **require** the user to **make only one** selection.

Add extras
----------

After the labels and quantities have been configured for an extra category, the individual extra
items must be added for each category.

Click :guilabel:`Add a line` at the bottom of the list that appears on the right-hand side of the
extra category. Enter the :guilabel:`Name` and :guilabel:`Price` for each item being added. The

> price can remain at `$0.00` if there is no cost. This is common for items like disposable silverware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
price can remain at `$0.00` if there is no cost. This is common for items, like disposable silverware
```

or condiments.

.. example::

>    For a pizzeria that only offers personal pies, see their extras configured as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For a pizzeria that only offers personal pizzas, see their extras configured as follows:
```
I fully understand what a "pie" means from a pizzeria...haha this suggestion is purely to ensure that nothing gets "lost in translation" with our global users...

Author: OMG I didn't think about that! One of those words I just take for granted ^_^

=======
Vendors
=======

Before :doc:`products can be added <products>` to the *Lunch* app, the restaurants that provide the
food **must** be configured.

To add a new vendor, first navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration --> Vendors`.
Here, all currently configured vendors for the *Lunch* app appear in a default Kanban view. To
change to a list view, click the :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(list)` icon in the top-right
corner.

.. note::
   No vendors are preconfigured in the *Lunch* app, so all vendors **must** be added to the
   database.

To add a new vendor, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a new lunch
supplier form loads.

> Fill out the following fields on the form.

Reviewer 3: Entirerly optional, but I think it would help the flow of the doc to link to each of the sections in the vendor form :)

(You will need to add custom anchors to the sections missing them)
```suggestion
Fill out the following sections on the vendor form:

- :ref:`Vendor information <lunch/vendor-info>`
- :ref:`Availability <lunch/availability>`
- :ref:`Orders <lunch/orders>`
- :ref:`Extras <lunch/extras>`
```

Author: I LOVE this idea!!
